## ASADT | Modular Redesign Overview
The ASADT Bash Script uses 'source' calls to touch and execute all operable extensions of the main program. A full redesign of how ASADT runs locally available content, and we wanted to make the best of this discovery. ODFSEC wanted to make ASADT accessible and easy to use for all types of users, no matter where you are in your journey in the field of digital forensics. However, we have lacked in our compatibility with more advanced users in the field. Because of this, we will be developing a new form of configuration editing that allows source calls to separately developed "mods" or modules for the program. This new system we have dubbed PROJECT: Open-Mod, and will receive it's own GitHub repository coming soon. This addition of the ASADT program will be added at the user's discretion, and we will continue to develop the original ASADT program moving forward with this feature release. <br>
<br>

# Conceptual Ideas
Our first approach to this idea is to make interprog source calls to a source sheet using the bash 'function' feature, in which the modder can create a bash function to source other functions from separate files, suggested being referenced by app location info kept in the root user registry file. Doing this will allow only the main terminal to execute the function made in these "separate files". For the safety of the user, we recommend the party executing the mod ensure what it will be doing to their system before execution. This can be done with the use of 'Zenity' information dialogs, but to officially become a mod must be accepted by a member of ODFSEC, preferably the Director of Security Operations. These mods could potentially have the chance to make their way into the official program toolkits and will be thoroughly vetted before additions are made. <br>
<br>

## Pending Applications
The application of PROJECT: Open-Mod is to use it as a community modding system for making more advanced configurations for tools that are difficult to use, and accessible for anyone's simplicity, complexity, needs, or wants. As we move towards a more stable program, ODFSEC plans to add more to it's currently available toolkits and add on to the expandability of the main program using a modular system, instead of a plain and simple set in place main program code. This system will allow the addition and patching of program extensions more simple, faster, and easier to manage in their entirety. Currently, this system has pending applications in the ASADT program, and we will continue to update this document as more information is developed on this subject. As for now, please expect beta versions of this repository to be up within the next month.
